---
title: 懂你阅读
mathjax: false
date: 2018-24-08
tags: English
categories: English

---
流利阅读
<!--more-->

# 2019-01-02

## Title

Mattis resigns **over differences** with Trump

* differences 类似 dispute 争吵
* over = because
* 因与特朗普的分歧辞职

## para1

**Defense Secretary** Jim Mattis resigned Thursday after **clashing with** President Donald Trump over the **withdrawal of U.S. troops** from **Syria** and **Afghanistan**, saying **in a parting letter** that the president deserves someone **atop** the **Pentagon** "better **aligned" with** his views.

* Defense Secretary 国防部长
* clash with = to argue or disagree seriously with sb and to show this in public 与xx发生冲突
* withdrawal 撤回
* withdrawal of U.S. troops 撤军
* Syria 叙利亚
* Afghanistan 阿富汗
* part 分开，告别
* atop = on top of sth
* Pentagon 五角大楼
* align with 和xx一致
* Defense Secretary = someone atop the Pentagon

## para2

**The retired Marine general**'s surprise resignation came a day after Trump shocked American **allies** and **overruled** his advisers, including Mattis, upon announcing a withdrawal from Syria. In the process, Trump declared victory over the **Islamic** State, even though the Pentagon and State Department for months have been saying the fight against the group in Syria isn't over.

* Marine general 海军上将
* ally 盟国
* overrule 驳回，拒绝
* overrule: to change an order or decision you think it's wrong using your official power
* Islamic 伊斯兰

## para3

The discord, coupled with **an array of** other disagreements, caused Trump to lose a respected **Cabinet official** who won widespread praise **at home and abroad** but who experienced increasing differences with a **commander in chief** known for his **skepticism** of American allies and military operations overseas.

* Cabinet official 内阁成员
* coupled with = combine with
* an array of = a group of 形容数量大的
* at home and abroad 国内外
* commander in chief 总统
* skepticism 怀疑论

## para4

Long seen as a **bulwark** against Trump's **isolationist** impulses and more extreme proposals, Mattis served as a calm "**reassurer-in-chief**" as the president sent out **startling** and **provocative** tweets.

* bulwark 堡垒
* isolationist 孤立主义者
* reassurer-in-chief / commander in chief
* startling = very unusual or surprising 惊人的
* provocative = intended to make people angry of upset 煽动性的

## para5

Mattis pointed to some of his differences with Trump in a parting letter he submitted to the White House on Thursday, which **prompted** **a chorus of** concern about the president's **temperament** and decision-making processes and **injected new uncertainty into** the **administration**'s approach to global threats.

* prompt 激起
* a chorus of 齐声做某事
* a chorus of concern 一致的担忧
* temperament 性格；急躁的，喜怒无常的
* temporary 暂时的
* inject new uncertainty into 增加了不确定性
* administration 美国政府

## para6

"We must do everything possible to advance an international order that is most **conducive to** our security, prosperity and values, and we are strengthened in this effort by the solidarity of our alliances, " Mattis wrote. He did not offer any praise of Trump in the letter.

* conductive to doing 有助于

## 词义辨析

difference 意见不同产生的分歧
dispute 侧重对分歧进行激烈的争论，暗指争论不休
discord 不协调，还可以指音乐中的不协调

# 2018-01-03

## Title

Japan to leave **International Whaling Commission**, **resume** commercial hunt

* commission 委员会
* resume 重新开始
* * resume a negotiation 重启谈判

## para1

Japan announced Wednesday that it is **withdrawing** from the International Whaling Commission and will **resume** commercial whale hunting next year, **sparking swift condemnation** from other governments and conservation groups.

* withdraw
* spark 引发
* swift 迅速的
* condemnation 谴责
* a strong condemnation /widespread condemnation

## para2

Tokyo argues that the IWC has failed to **live up to** its initial **dual** **mandate** in 1946, to find a balance between preserving whale stocks and allowing the "**orderly** development" of the whaling industry. After failing to **reach an agreement** at a global conference in Brazil in September to resume commercial whaling, Japan is now **following through on** a threat to withdraw from the **global body** entirely.

* Tokyo 日本
* live up to 履行，不辜负
* live up to his promise
* dual 二元的，双重的
* mandate 授权
* orderly adj.井然有序的
* reach an agreement 达成协议
* following through on 为了完成某个承诺将某事进行到底
* global body 指代 IWC

## para3

"**Regrettably**, we have reached a decision that it is impossible in the IWC to seek the **coexistence of** states with different views, " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said in a statement.

* regrettably 令人遗憾的
* coexistence of 共存

## para4

As a result, Japan will **cease** taking whales from the Antarctic Ocean and Southern Hemisphere—where it has **ostensibly** been killing whales for scientific research—and will conduct commercial whaling "within Japan's territorial sea and its **exclusive economic zone**, " he said.

* cease 停止
* ostensibly 表面上地
* exclusive economic zone 专属经济区

## para5

Clare Perry, oceans campaigns leader for the Environmental Investigation Agency, said **history had demonstrated unequivocally the need for** global **precautionary** management of whale populations.

* unequivocally 清楚地
* had demonstrated unequivocally the need for 历史清楚地证明了一件事的必要性
* precautionary 预防的

## para6

"By leaving the IWC Japan is rejecting **multilateralism** and **setting a very bad precedent for** conservation which will likely have very serious negative consequences for the world's whales, " she said. "It may bring a **reprieve** for the whale populations currently protected in international waters but at a very high price."

* multilateralism 多边主义
* set a very bad precedent for 开创先河
* reprieve 缓期，缓解

## para7

Whale meat was a vital source of protein in Japan as it recovered from the **ravages of World War II**, but is much less popular these days. Yet the government argues that it is part of Japan's traditional culture, **dating back centuries**.

* ravages 灾难，破坏

# 2018-01-04

## Title

**Secrets of the booming beauty business**：

* beauty 引申为美妆品
* business 引申为公司
* 化妆品公司蒸蒸日上的秘密

## para1

Shares of the big **beauty houses** haven't performed so well in recent months, even as trends like **facial-sheet masks** and **serums** have exploded in popularity. After **strong runs** into the first part of the year for larger **conglomerates** Estee Lauder Cos., L'Oreal SA and Shiseido Co., these stocks have all **run out of steam**.

* share 股份
* beauty houses 美妆公司
* facial-sheet mask 面膜
* serum 在美妆方面指精华
* strong run 强劲上涨的趋势
* conglomerates 大型企业集团；合成物
* run out of steam 失去动力

## para2

Beauty lovers are increasingly purchasing products online and using subscription services, where data play a powerful role. In fact, in-store sales of **cosmetic** items dropped by up to 9.3 percent **in the four weeks through Dec. 2**, a span that **captures** the Black Friday period, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. In the beauty **realm** especially, social media and YouTube have provided a way for people to **feel connected to brands rather than as** a **faceless** customer.

* cosmetic 化妆品
* capture 引申为包括
* realm 领域
* feel connected to
* feel as they are sb. 补充完整
* faceless 无个性的，千人一面的

## para3

Ipsy is a subscription service and one of many businesses **shaking up** the industry. Co-founded in 2011 by a YouTube beauty **influencer**, Ipsy **curates** products for 3 million subscribers. At the heart of this is a data algorithm that matches users' preferences with the attributes of the products it **sources**, with help from the more than 4 million reviews provided monthly by its users.

* shake up 重组，震动
* influencer 网红
* curate 操持，操办

## para4

While Revlon, a **stalwart** of the **drugstore** beauty **shelves**, **bleeds money**, Ipsy is profitable, **bucking** the **stereotype** of Silicon Valley **startups**. That **juxtaposition** of old retail strategies **falling flat** and new data-driven approaches proving more than an entrepreneur's vision are starting to be seen throughout the industry.

* bleed money 损失惨重
* stalwart 坚定的支持分子，中坚力量
* drugstore 药妆店
* shelve 专柜
* buck 抵制，反抗
* stereotype 刻板印象
* juxtaposition 并列
* fall flat 完全失败

## para5

Someday, **beauty may be in the eye of the stockholder** once again. Until then, the industry is getting a **much-needed** refresh that should keep **bankers** busy.

* much-needed 非常需要的
* banker 银行家

# 2018-01-06

## Title

What happened at Theranos is a **dazzling** story of **deception**

* dazzling 灿烂的；耀眼的；引申为某样东西非常精彩
* deception 骗局

## para1

It is **quite a** tale John Carreyrou tells in his book, "Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies in a Silicon Valley **Startup**." It is a story of **jaw-dropping** lying and **greed** so **immense** that billions of dollars **fly by** with **every turn of the page**.

* quite a 加强语气
* tale 故事；传说
* jaw-dropping 大惊失色的
* immense 程度极大的
* huge 体积或者容积的大
* greed 贪婪
* fly by 飞越
* every turn of the page 每翻一页

## para2

The subject is Theranos, the start-up that promised to **revolutionize** blood testing. Still, the real subject is Elizabeth Holmes, who started the company as a 19-year-old Stanford University **dropout**—and who wore black **turtlenecks** in **blatant** **imitation of** Steve Jobs. She **handled** her elders the way a **snake charmer** handles snakes. Only in her case, she was the one with poison.

* revolutionize 革命性，变革
* turtlenecks 套头衫
* blatant 明目张胆的
* imitation 模仿
* handle 对待
* charmer 对异性有吸引力的人
* snake charmer 耍蛇人

## para3

Her **genius**, Carreyrou says, was lying. She had come up with a blood test that could be taken with a **teeny-weeny** drop or two of blood from the finger. **No pain, much gain**. No more searching for a **vein**

* teeny-weeny 小的
* No pain, no gain
* vein 静脉

## para4

Holmes knew little about the technology, but she employed people who did. And, as Carreyrou writes, when these employees **suspected** the device was not working - the results were being faked and the lives of patients were put at risk—they were fired, often **escorted** off the **premises** that **very day** by **security personnel**.

* suspect 怀疑
* doubt 怀疑，因证据不足而怀疑其是错误的
* escorte 护送
* underescorte
* premises 房屋
* very day 当天

## para5

Some board members and investors wondered about the excessive security. All were **dissuaded** or **pacified** by Holmes, a zealot who apparently believed so **fervently** in her **vision** that truth was just a matter of time. This is a Silicon Valley **failing**, which is why billions get invested on the promise of billions more being made—fake it till you make it, as the saying goes.

* dissuaded sb from doing sth.劝阻
* pacify 使平静
* zealot 狂热者
* fervently 热烈地
* in her vision 对未来的展望
* failing 缺点
