# 2018-01-03

## Title

Dog **influencers** are so popular, they need their own **talent agency**

* influencers 网红，大V
* talent agency 经纪公司

## para1

It’s almost noon, and Loni Edwards’s client is **drooling** on the **carpet** in the **lobby**.

* drool 流口水；对xx过分痴迷
* * Fashion editors drooled over every item
* carpet 地毯
* lobby 大唐

## para2

Edwards is the founder and CEO of  The Dog Agency, a New York City-based management agency that **caters** **exclusively** **to** “pet influencers.” The popularity of pet accounts on social media has **exploded** in the last few years–particularly on Instagram, where #dogsofinstagram has more than 124 million posts and the most popular dog account,   Jiff the Pomeranian, has **more than twice as many followers as** Hillary Clinton. Edwards’s 160 clients also include a few cats and monkeys, though her primary focus is still **canines**. She **advises** their “humans” **on** growth strategies and brand management, and books for paid posts, ad campaigns, and **in-person appearances** around the country.

* cater to/for xx 设法满足具体需求
* exclusively 专门地
* explode 激增，迅速扩大；爆炸
* canine 犬类
* advise sb on sth
* in-person appearance 见面会

## para3

“There was no central **hub** pulling together this new pet influencer space, ” she says. “Brands were **sending direct messages to** hundreds of pets and hearing back from **a fraction of** them. These humans a lot of times have full-time jobs, they’re not checking their dog’s email regularly. So there was definitely a need to kind of **pull everything together**.”

* hub 中心
* sending direct messages to 发私信
* a fraction of 一小部分
* pull everything together 整合在一起

## para4

Today, Edwards’s **portfolio** includes both superstar influencers–like @tunameltsmyheart, a chihuahua-dachsund mix with 2 million followers–and **up-and-comers**, like Chase, whose account @sometimescarl has a still-impressive 85, 000-follower reach. Her clients have worked with plenty of pet supply companies on **product placements and ads**, but also book **gigs** with human brands like Dyson, the Ritz Carlton, and Ralph Lauren.

* portfolio 文件夹；系列；此处引申为业务组合
* up-and-comers 后起之秀
* chihuahua-dachsund 奇瓦瓦大猎犬
* product placements and ads 在产品展示和广告方面
* gig 工作，非正式用法

# 2018-01-09

## Title

No progress towards ending U.S. shutdown in Trump meeting with lawmakers

* lawmakers 立法者；国会议员

## para1

No agreement **came out** of a meeting between U.S. congressional leaders and President Donald Trump on Wednesday to end a **partial** government shut down now in its 12th day as the president **stuck to** his demand for 5 billion \(3.97 billion pounds) in border wall funding  **fiercely**  opposed  by   **Democrats**. Trump’s demand for 5 billion in funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border **triggered** the shutdown affecting about a quarter of the **federal government** and 800, 000 federal workers.

* come out 产生
* partial 部分的
* stick to 坚持，固守
* * stick to his promise/believe 坚持承诺/信念
* fiercely 强烈地
* Democrats 民主党

## para2

Before meeting with lawmakers, Trump said the shutdown would last for “as long as it takes” as he **pushes for** wall money as part of any legislation/ to reopen agencies shuttered when their funding **lapsed** on Dec. 22.

* pushes for 一再要求
* lapse 失效

## para3

“We know that we have a challenge along the border, ” said Kevin McCarthy, **the top House Republican**. “We want to solve that issue. We want to make sure we open this government up. And I think **at the end of the day**, the president, listening to him, he wants to solve this as well.”

* the top House Republican 众议院领袖
* at the end of the day 当所有事都考虑再三之后

## para4

Trump made the border wall a key part of his presidential campaign. Before meeting with the Democrats, Trump called the border a “**sieve**, ” provided an estimate of the U.S. illegal immigrant population far higher than the figures most experts cite and made disputed comments about progress towards building a wall.

* sieve 筛子

## para5

The $5 billion Trump is seeking would cover only a portion of the money needed for a border wall, a project estimated to cost about $23 billion. Trump had said Mexico would pay for the wall, but Mexico has refused.

# 2018-01-10

## Title

Why so little is done to help new mums cope

## para 1

After **childbirth** many women suffer **mental-health** problems. Different women struggle with different things—**trauma** related to the birth, the difficulty of adapting to caring for the baby, or the change in self-image.

* childbirth 分娩
* in/after/during childbirth
* mental-health/ physical-health
* trauma 创伤
* trauma of sth
* self-image 自我形象/身份转变

## para 2

Some 10-15% of women in America and around a quarter in Brazil are reckoned to suffer from postpartum depression. Some women have notions of a perfect “natural” birth and are upset if it does not happen as planned. Surprisingly little attention is paid to the factors that make a pelvic tear more likely or to what experience women want to have. They are rarely consulted during labour.

* reckon 认为
* be reckoned to 被认为
* postpartum/antepartum 产后/产前
* postpartum depression 产后抑郁
* pelvic 骨盆
* tear 开裂
* pelvic tear 骨盆开裂
* labour 这里指分娩
* a woman in labour 产妇

## para 3

The importance of the postnatal adjustment has been implicitly recognised in traditional rest periods such as China’s zuo yuezi (“sitting the month”). Yet this is poorly reflected in modern health systems, which tend to offer plenty of check-ups during pregnancy, but very few after it.

* implicitly 暗示地
* postnatal/prenatal 产后/产前
* postnatal adjustment 产后恢复

## para 4

It is usual for women in countries including America and Britain to receive just one visit from a health worker when their babies are six weeks old. American federal law does not even oblige employers to give women paid time off work.

* oblige sb to do sth 迫使某人做某事
* paid time off work 带薪产假
* paid time off 带薪产假
* start/get/receive time off 休假

## para 5

A survey of Britain’s National Health Service found that more than half of first-time mothers felt they were not given enough information about emotional changes they might experience.

## para 6

It would help if women had access to more information. Some simple steps, such as asking a woman how she feels during childbirth can make the delivery a better experience emotionally, if not physically, suggests an obstetrician at Harvard Medical School.

* childbirth = labour = delivery 分娩
* obstetrician 产科医师

# 2018-01-09

## Title



## para 1



## para 2



## para 3



## para 4



## para 5



## para 6

